---
layout: project
title: NSFC2024:MIC
subtitle: NSFC Young Scientists Fund for Modular integrated Construction
---
Dr Jiaji Wang was awarded the NSFC Young Scientists Fund project titled “Research on nonlinear behaviour of modular steel-concrete composite buildings considering semi-rigid inter-module connections”. Modular Integrated Construction (MiC) involves the assembly of prefabricated, three-dimensional modules into a cohesive building structure. The proposed project will develop steel-concrete composite MiC for Hong Kong buildings, which combine the lightweight and high tensile strength of steel with the compressive properties of concrete. Composite MiC will further reduce costs, self-weight and carbon emission and achieve high performance under severe wind or earthquake excitation. The mechanical behavior of the connections in a steel-concrete composite MiC structure is more complicated. It is essential to investigate the semi-rigid connection's force transmission mechanism through scaled experimental models and advanced nonlinear numerical simulations. This research project focus on the fundamental mechanical behavior of semi-rigid connections and floor composite effect in composite modular structures. By conducting large-scale experiments and developing constitutive models in Finite Element software, we aim to establish a numerical simulation framework tailored to modular composite structures. Accelerated computing using state-of-the-art Physics-informed Neural Operator Solver PINOS will also be investigated. The ultimate goal is to develop a digital twin model and design theory for efficient and accurately simulating the nonlinear behavior of composite MiC structures, thereby enhancing the safety and efficiency of MiC construction in Hong Kong and beyond.
{%
	include image_with_caption.html
	url="/assets/projects/NSFC2024/Main.png"
	width="100%"
%}
<a href="{{ "https://doi.org/10.1111/mice.13292" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" class="button" target="_blank">Read the PINOS full paper</a>
